Added beginner docs for using the Raspberry Pi 4 ROS image (#55)
ros-realtime/ros-realtime-rpi4-image: README.md

Raspberry Pi image with ROS2 and the real-time kernel
=====================================================

[![Build image](https://github.com/ros-realtime/ros-realtime-rpi4-image/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ros-realtime/ros-realtime-rpi4-image/actions/workflows/build.yml)

This repo builds a Raspberry Pi 3/4/400 image with ROS2 and the real-time kernel
pre-installed.  This image can be downloaded directly from [the releases
page](https://github.com/ros-realtime/ros-realtime-rpi4-image/releases),

> flashed to a SD card, and booted on a Raspberry Pi 3/4/400.

Author: Oh hm. I thought it's compatible for all arm64 rapsberry pis (as the base image advertises this). I can test it later and change this.

What's different about the kernel?

> flashed to a SD card, and booted on a Raspberry Pi 3/4/400.

Reviewer: I think they are using a different bcm config, but I'm not 100% sure.

* https://github.com/raspberrypi/linux/tree/rpi-5.15.y/arch/arm64/configs

> flashed to a SD card, and booted on a Raspberry Pi 3/4/400.

Author: I tried it on a Pi 3. It boots, ROS runs, but the ethernet won't connect. Not sure what's up with that. I'm going to remove the 3/400 as I can't get them to work.

   this if your file archiver doesn't decompress this format already. Once
   decompressed, you should have a file that ends with the extension `.img`.
    1. On Mac/Linux, use `xz --decompress file.img.xz` in the command line.
3. The easiest way to flash the image is via the [Raspberry Pi imager](https://www.raspberrypi.com/software/). 
    1. Using the Raspberry Pi Image, click `CHOOSE OS`.
    2. Scroll all the way down and click `Use custom`.
    3. Browse and select the image file.
    4. Select the storage device.
    5. Click `Write` to flash the image.
    6. Wait for it to be done.
4. Unplug the SD card and plug it into the Raspberry Pi 3/4/400. Turn on the
   Raspberry Pi.
5. The default username is `ubuntu` and the password is `ubuntu`. The default
   hostname is `ubuntu`. You can login either directly on the Raspberry Pi or
   via SSH (enabled by default). You'll need to change your password the first
   time you login.
6. To save space, the image does not have the desktop environment installed. If
   you want a desktop environment, you must install it with the following three
   commands:

```
sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade

> sudo apt install ubuntu-desktop

Reviewer: Do we really want to recommend this?

Reviewer 2: I think it's okay since this step is optional.

Reviewer: okay!

sudo apt install ros-humble-desktop
```

> 7. You can now use ROS. To confirm, type `ros2` into the terminal. You should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. You can now use ROS 2. To confirm, type `ros2` into the terminal. You should
```

   see:

```
usage: ros2 [-h] [--use-python-default-buffering] Call `ros2 <command> -h` for more detailed usage. ...

ros2 is an extensible command-line tool for ROS 2.

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit

  [...omitted for brevity]
```

> 8. The setup is now complete! 🎉 You can follow the rest of the [ROS2 tutorials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. The setup is now complete! 🎉 You can follow the rest of the [ROS 2 tutorials
```

>    here](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Tutorials.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   here](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Tutorials.html).
```

I would point to rolling if we don't want to be updating the README for each release.

Reviewer: +1

Bonus setup
-----------

- [Setup WiFi without a GUI](https://ubuntu.com/tutorials/how-to-install-ubuntu-on-your-raspberry-pi#3-wifi-or-ethernet).
- [Overclocking the CPU](https://magpi.raspberrypi.com/articles/how-to-overclock-raspberry-pi-4).
  I've had good luck with `arm_freq=2000` and `over_voltage=6` when using power
  supplies that can consistently output 5V/3A (like the official power supply).
- Try out real-time programming with the following resources:
  - [(1)](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Tutorials/Demos/Real-Time-Programming.html), [(2)](https://ros-realtime.github.io/Resources/resources.html), [(3)](https://shuhaowu.com/blog/2022/01-linux-rt-appdev-part1.html), [(4)](https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/realtime/documentation/howto/applications/start)

The rest of this README is meant for developers who want to know more about the
image builder.

> Custom Image Builder for the Raspberry Pi for ROS2 + PREEMPT_RT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom Image Builder for the Raspberry Pi for ROS 2 + PREEMPT_RT
```
